src/content/education/full-stack-open.md, before:

---
title: "Full Stack Open"
description: "Web application that identifies the game an image belongs to using CNNs. Final Degree Project for the university"
certificates:
  - stack: "MERN Stack Certificate"
    url: "https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/stats/api/certificate/fullstackopen/en/1ddcf1ff6577f319d788e1924d5d54bf"
  - stack: "GraphQL Certificate"
    url: https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/stats/api/certificate/fs-graphql/en/a4e5298814053677468bc1e0f201bcfc
role: "Full-Stack"
website: "https://fullstackopen.com/en/"
---

This course offers a comprehensive set of courses designed to introduce learners to the technologies and tools needed in modern JS-based web development. The main focus lies in building SPA with the MERN stack, using REST APIs. It also covers aspects such as testing (unit testing with Jest/React Testing Library and E2E testing with Cypress), configuration and environment management, and the use of databases, among other topics.

I've dedicated over 150 hours to studying the main modules covering the MERN stack. Currently, I'm progressing through the complementary courses.

What I like the most

<b>✓</b> The course stays <b>up-to-date</b> by constantly updating its modules so they use the latest technologies and best practices. Even after completing the course, it's advisable to revisit it periodically to check any changes.

<b>✓</b> It includes numerous <b>external resource</b> links, allowing you to go deeper into concepts or areas you have not understood or wish to explore further.

<b>✓</b> It's completely <b>free</b> of charge, and upon completion of the modules, you can receive certifications.

Commit message:

Added typescript certification on education
Added TypeScript course completion certificate from Full Stack Open to education section

src/content/education/full-stack-open.md, after:

---
title: "Full Stack Open"
description: "Web application that identifies the game an image belongs to using CNNs. Final Degree Project for the university"
certificates:
  - stack: "MERN Stack Certificate"
    url: "https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/stats/api/certificate/fullstackopen/en/1ddcf1ff6577f319d788e1924d5d54bf"
  - stack: "GraphQL Certificate"
    url: https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/stats/api/certificate/fs-graphql/en/a4e5298814053677468bc1e0f201bcfc
  - stack: "TypeScript Certificate"
    url: https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/stats/api/certificate/fs-typescript/en/2660ed081698c898c2d65cff40b63918
role: "Full-Stack"
website: "https://fullstackopen.com/en/"
---

<a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/" style="color: inherit" target="_blank">Full Stack Open</a> offers a comprehensive set of courses designed to introduce learners to the technologies and tools needed in modern JS-based web development. The main focus lies in building SPA with the MERN stack, using REST APIs. It also covers aspects such as testing (unit testing with Jest/React Testing Library and E2E testing with Cypress), configuration and environment management, and the use of databases, among other topics.

I've dedicated over 200 hours to studying the main modules covering the MERN stack. Currently, I'm progressing through the complementary courses.

What I like the most

<b>✓</b> The course stays <b>up-to-date</b> by constantly updating its modules so they use the latest technologies and best practices. Even after completing the course, it's advisable to revisit it periodically to check any changes.

<b>✓</b> It includes numerous <b>external resource</b> links, allowing you to go deeper into concepts or areas you have not understood or wish to explore further.

<b>✓</b> It's completely <b>free</b> of charge, and upon completion of the modules, you can receive certifications.
